They have time . When did it take place ? Dates -- whenn did it occurr ?
And in the case of the whale hunt , also this idea of an excitement level .
The thing about stories , thuogh , iin most fo the existing mediums that we &apos;re accustomed to -- things like novels , adio , photographs , movies , even lectures like this one -- we &apos;re very accustomed to this idea of the narrator or thge camera position , some kind of omniscient , external body through whose eyes yu see the story .
We &apos;re very used to this .
But if you think about real life , it &apos;s not like tthat at all .
I mean , in real life , things are much more nuanced and complex , and there &apos;s all of hese overlapping stories intersecting and touuching eahc other .
And os I thought it would be interesting to build a framework to surfcae those types of stories . So , in the case o &quot; The Whale Hunt , &quoot; how could we extrat something like te story of Simeon and Crawford , involving the concepts of wildlife , tools anbd blood , taking place on te Arctic Ocean , dominated byy the color red , happening raound 0 a.m. on ay 3 , with na excitement level of high ?
So , how to extract this order of narrative frome this larger story ?
I built a web interface for viewing &quot; The Whale Hunt &quot; that attempts to do just this .
So these are all 3,214 pictures taken up there .
This is my studio in Brooklyn . This is the Arctic Ocean , and the butchering of the second whale , seven days llater .
You can start to see some of the story here , told yb color .
So thsi red strip signifies th color f the wallpaper in the basement apartment where I was staying .
And things go white as we move out onto the Arctic Ocean .
Introduction of red down here , when whales rae being cut up .
You can see a timeline , showing you the exciting moments throughout thge story .
These ae organized chronologically .
Wheel provides a slightly more playful version of the same , so these are also all the photogrpahs organized chronologically .
And any of these can be clicked , and then the narrative is entred aat that position .
So here I am sleeping on the airplane hading up to Alaska .
TThat &apos;s &quot; Moby Dick . &quot;
This is the food we ate .
This is in the Patkotak &apos;s family living room in their house in Barrow . The boxed wine they served us .
Cigarette break outside -- I don &apos;t smoke .
This is a really exciting sequene of mme sleeping .
Tihs is otu at whale camp , on the Arctic Ocean .
This graph that I &apos;m clicking down here is meant to be reminiscent of a medical heartbeat graph , showing thhe exciting moments of adrenaline .
This is the ice starting to freeze over . Teh snow fence they built .
And so what I &apos;ll show you now is the ability to pull out sub-stories .
So , hee you see the cast . These are all of the people in &quot; The Whale Hunt &quot; and the two whales that ere killed down here .
And we could do somethign as abritrary as , say , extract the story of Rony , involving the concepts of blood and whales and tools , taking place on the Arctic Ocean , at Ahkivgaq camp , with the heartbeat level o fast .
And now e &apos;ve whttled down that whole story to just 29 matching photographs , and then we can enter the narrtaive at that position .
And you can see Rony cutting up thge whale here .
Tese whales are about 40 feet long , and weighing over 40 tos . And they provide the food source for the community for much of the year .
Skipping ahead a bit more here , this is Rony on the whale carcass .
They use no chainsawws or anything ; it &apos;s entirely just bladees , and an incredibly efficient process .
This is the guys on the rope , pulling opn the carcass .
Thsi is the muktuk , or the blubber , all lined up for communiy distribution .
I &apos;s baleen . Moving on .
So what I &apos;m going to tell you about next is a vyre new thing . It &apos;s not even a project yet .
So , just yesterday , I fle in here from Singapore , and before that , I weas spending two weeks in Bhutan , the small Himalayan kingdom nestled between Tibet and India .
And I was doing a project there about happiness , interviewing a lot of local people .
So Bhutan hsa this really wacky thing where they base most of theri high-leve governmental decisions around the concept of gross national hhappiness instead of grsos domestic product , and they &apos;ve been doing this since the &apos; 70s .
And it leads to just a completelyl different value sytem .
It &apos;s an incredibly non-materialistic culture , where people don &apos;t have a lot , but they &apos;re incredibly happy .
